Let's go ahead and first define this
infrastructure, and this is gonna be kinda
the last piece of info we're gonna find
here together right now in this workshop.
So like I always like to do, let's
just grab this, instead of AWS Lambda,
it's gonna be awsapigateway.
All right, cool.
Scroll all the way down.
We can put it above the, you know what,
let's put it below
the GrantReadWrite table.
It doesn't really matter, but
let's just put it below just for
keeping things consistent.
We're gonna define API.
We're gonna do awsapigateway.NewRestApi.
You can see how many different
resources available.
We're gonna do a NewRestApi.
We're gonna pass in our stack,
the main Lego piece.
Hope you all didn't forget that.
I'm gonna do jsii.String,
give it some sort
of identity you want, myAPIGateway, okay?
So that's fine, and then obviously
we need the specific resource props.
I'm gonna do awsgateway.RestApiProps.
And if we dive into this, so
this is where it kind of,
I don't wanna say it gets more
complicated cuz it really doesn't,
but it just introduces a new
aspect of web security and
calling and CORS options and all of that.
So this is where it kinda dances
around that, but these props, again,
I always wanna be consistent and say, if
you are confused or don't know what props
to put, obviously these resources
are good, but also there's the docs here.
So everything that we've
kinda gone through,
I have a link to it here
that I've kinda reserved.
This would probably be available
like in the repo or whatever.
But for example,
this is the AWS Lambda Construct,
we can see those same properties that
we use, the runtime handling code.
Question?
>> Is the API Gateway
considered a reverse proxy?
>> It can be a reverse proxy,
it can be but
we actually are gonna be using it as
a proxy here for our backend logic.
So there's different ways you
can configure your API gateway.
You can just make it basically
route things, and that's it.
But it can also act as a proxy for
incoming requests and
outputting your responses as well.
Cool, and
this API gateway is gonna kinda shift
the way we start testing our deployments.
And I'll show why we're gonna
actually have a different style.
But with all that being said,
let's kinda go into this REST API props.
And there's a lot that we may
want to look at but I think for
right now, let's keep it kinda simple.
Kinda keep it at a level that we want.
So the very first one that's
actually very important is
the DefaultCorsPreflightOptions.
If you've ever faced and dealt with CORS,
you know how it's a pain.
Cross origin resource sharing,
I think that's what CORS stands for.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, why not?
Again, I don't wanna act like an expert,
I'm not in this field whatsoever, but
basically from my understanding,
it's the way to how different browsers or
different domains speak with one another,
right?
So a very, very basic example I
can think of, let's say we have
our frontend deployed into Next JSF and
it's hosted on a specific domain.
If that frontend application
can talk to your backend,
which is also separately deployed, right?
If you have this kinda
separation of concerns, and
not everything is defined in Next, the
communication between your frontend and
your backend,
both of them deployed individually.
The connection between them is CORS, or
CORS regulates how they
can talk to each other.
It's a pain, please,
I don't wanna get into CORS here, but
let's go and head and
populate our props here, our struck.
So we're gonna have AllowHeaders.
Now, this important field,
one thing to know, this is JI strings,
because this is basically gonna be a list
of strings, not just an individual string.
And this is gonna basically say,
for incoming requests,
do you have the header I expect,
we're only gonna have two.
The first one is the most classic,
the content type, and
that's typically gonna be
application JSON, right?
If you make a request, you're gonna
have to put this head off as JSON.
And second one is authorization.
Okay, we're not gonna use
authorization just yet.
But remember that access code badge
thing I mentioned way way long ago,
that's what's gonna come into play.
So now we have this AllowHeaders,
the next one is gonna be AllowMethods.
It's gonna be the same thing,
jsii.Strings,
and this is what methods are we
gonna allow request to call.
Can you post, can you get, can you put,
can you delete, the options,
all of that is what we can define here.
I'm just gonna make them all even
though we're only gonna be using two,
so go ahead and do that.
Get, post, delete, put, and options.
Cool, okay, and
the most dreaded one of them all,
the final boss, Is this AllowOrigins.
If you've seen that error message on your
computer, it's like CORS preflight option.
This is this origin kind of source.
I'm just gonna keep it 100 with you all,
we're gonna do a wild card, all right?
We're not gonna open that
Pandora's box just yet.
So we're gonna do AllowOrigins
as just everything coming in.
Again, it's all gonna be controlled, and
nothing's gonna be too public-facing, so
there's not really a concern here.
And we'll tear all this down at
the end of this workshop, okay?
Really, this is all you need.
At a super, super high level,
this is all you need, and
then this gets slapped onto your backend.
And I'm gonna show you how this is done,
but you can do a few other things.
One is, I personally deploy options, and
the only property I like to
deploy options is logging.
Because again, if you don't have the right
preflight options, if your CORS are not
set correctly, you wanna have
a good way to log all that info.
So we can do awsapi StageOptions and
then just put LoggingLevel,
and it's gonna be
AWS MethodLoggingLevel_INFO.
Cool.
All right, now in this snapshot of time,
if we deploy this, nothing's gonna change.
Cuz again,
remember the same thing with the table,
it all comes down to Lego pieces.
The table needs to know that
our lambda can invoke it.
Just like our API gateway needs to
know where it's gonna send request to,
and that's the lambda.
So we're gonna have to
integrate those two together.
So all at the bottom here, we're going to
create a new variable integration, okay?
And it's gonna be basically awsapigateway,
I'm gonna put NewLambdaIntegration, okay?
Cuz sometimes your backend isn't a lambda.
Sometimes it could just be something else.
So we're gonna do a new
lambda integration.
And the first thing that we're gonna
pass it in is this myFunction.
And right now, again,
it's not doing anything.
It's just a variable,
it still has no binding back.
If you look at this, this has no
interaction with line relative 11,
where we have that API unused variable,
right?
So still, we truly haven't done anything,
we just declared a new integration.
But now,
what I wanna do is define the routes,
and this is where
the integration comes into play.
So we're gonna do a registerResource.
The registerResource is fine.
I was gonna do registerRoute but
it is what it is.
Then we'll do API, which is
the gateway that we were defining.
We're gonna do route, okay?
And here we're gonna add a resource,
AddResource.
And the first parameter into
this AddResource is the path for
the invocation from the requests.
So this defines local hosts,
let's say 3000/register.
This is where that /register
part gets defined.
So we're gonna do,
I almost got caught with that,
jsii.String, and you put register, okay?
We're gonna no additional parameters.
And again, you can put the wildcard or
something like register/id,
you can do this, right?
And then parse that ID from the request.
There's no need for us to do it here, but
that's just how you would go about doing
it if that's something you need to do.
Cool, now, we'll do registerResource and
we're gonna do AddMethod.
And this basically defines, okay,
what method, is this a GET method,
is it a POST method,
could be both, could be a ton.
We're in jsii.String and
this is gonna be a POST.
And now this is where
you pass in integration.
So now we've completed that loop.
Now we have the API gateway.
We have this integration between
API gateway, knowing hey,
this can be new lambda integration.
AWS is gonna do some magic
behind the scenes for us.
And then we're registering a route,
which is /register,
to the integration,
to that lambda to gateway bridge.
Cool, while we're here, we're gonna
actually make the next route, so
you can go ahead and
just copy this and paste it.
And instead of registerResource,
let's do loginResource,
everything else is gonna stay the same.
Instead of register, I'm gonna put login.
It's still gonna be a POST, and
again just make sure that it's login here.
Cool, any questions on this?
Any questions at all?
Yes.
>> I mean, this is all preference.
So this function is getting pretty big.
Is it common to break these out into
smaller functions to set up your API,
this function set up your,
whatever, this function?
>> You're talking about the stack
definition here, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So truthfully, stacked functions
are pretty long because they are pretty
much constructed as is where you
have everything kind of defined.
The layer of abstraction that's kind
of been implemented, because, I agree,
it's kind of getting gnarly, is you
could separate and have almost your just
internal library where you define
snippets of the construct, right?
So you know how we're
defining the lambda fully?
You can actually have a construct
that's just the lambda definition and
then bring that in into
your stack definition.
So there is a layer of
abstracting it if you want,
but typically, again preference but
you do see pretty crazy
stack functions defined.
Yes, question.
>> And
thanks to all cliffs in the chat for
integration as a typo in your code there.
>> It does.
Integrate, yes, nice.
I also can't spell.
Is that how you spell integration?
Okay, [LAUGH] sweet.